hello you love the year 2014 is
I hope you are all good in there
new year slipped
and I thought I'll show you
Just the products I have
yes , I really enjoyed using and
which I have tested for a long time so that
I'll give you a real meal too
can give
and yes, I would be easy in the beginning
make the first product that I you
want to show is from ballet and indeed
is that the ph neutral wash lotions
for the face this also for sensitive ones
skin and I have to say that since then I
she wants to use herself with skin
really refined so i do not get it
more as fast as before and I know
not really synonymous of this product
but I come with it superbe glass
does not irritate my skin and yes me
Use is really only everyone
evening to make-up
and that's why it's an absolute favorite
for me the next product I have
But I did not gain weight until the summer
already half empty
I regret that very much and I did
me 100 milliliters of the fragrance avalanche
bought from lancome and i love this one
Just smell as you can see I have it
really worn almost every day and that
is simply holy and if it is
I just go shopping because I am
love it
next, a product which her on
You've seen youtube so many times
you probably can not
see more and although I speak of those
biowarm sensitive h2o facial water that
I always use it after I have the
had used this nut here and this
I love both products together
easy so i have this year this
product no longer is wegdenken
Of course not quite so cheap but me
I have to say I really like it totally
with pleasure
There is a drugstore of I believe
l'oreal
I also used an ewf
but it is nowhere near as good as
this one here at l'oreal
my skin is really very much after that
dry and irritated and bio
denner it is not like that at all
needs gets the way, in pharmacy
or even with amazon it is sometimes
even cheaper you get linked
downstairs if I find it
and yes this hand cream from loks itan is
not to imagine without me
I already have different ones
tried directions now
this neutral direction can
that means in any case the 20 is there
in there and is just extra for dry
lokus itan skin hand creams are always
a little bit a bit thicker though
it also much richer
So at the time I only had one
used hand cream story and since then I
those of laxey days know yes I would
do not use any other and therefore
an absolute favorite
next i have two brushes for
you and they are both funds uefa
the one is the 10 1 lux face the fine
I always use it to control
And I'm not another for that
More so I love that's awesome
I've bound him so often
washed and still loses none
hair and is still super nice
soft and her absolute favorite as well
as well as von schäfer the brush
it's so slightly beveled
I always use for sheet now and then
I also use others, but I love them
most not so big and therefore
You can also if you go now
example only the apple cheeks in the
middle already wants to shower too
good word
So if you just for example the
defensive basin would adorn so
It feels good , but you can do it too
pull it back
So I already love this brush
very often washed and still no
hair lost
Great product next a mascara
I may have only been two years old
months possess but since almost every
Tag is used and that is the dilemma
scale of essence which is super great
cheap but still makes so beautiful
eyelashes
so i know i know it is not for
everyone what many find that too
not so good because they are so weird
curved brush has but I love
this product and i can not do it myself
think away more
I love that sometimes simply because
she does exactly what i do
she wants more power and longer and yes
I just love her next
I do something for the lips and that one
Care product I had since the end of
very dry with dry lips too
really fight really very dry
and brittle and I have a lot of many things
I tried it until I became known
grab those lips cream here
that is almost more than me
love you she really helps
so
usually have so three times a day
In addition, my lips are used
clearly not as dry as
then and that's why this product
really help me look at it
if you also dry and spray
has to fight lips next
I know the hula bronze for you
probably anyway
I already have the flag
So I really have it
very often worn 2014
i love him because he is supermarket and
very very long also on the catch
holds so does not settle or
slipped or smeared or it
Just go away as at cheaper
Products from the drugstore I have
that often experienced but with the cool
Water is not the case
I already have a new one
bought because yes, yes, everyone is soon
the same product I show you
I want to be a product today
also on my cheeks wear and that
the highlighter of mac I have
Picked up again in 2014 and very often
used that is really a great
great product there is a lot
inside the hero mega long and that is
the softengine I think you have one
very nice finish I have one today
a bit much of it but I applied
just love him, use him super
Happy and 2014 again for me
discovered yes so it was already with
the video I really have it for you
We liked it and that next time
video here again what are you at the end
but would be interesting would be yours
top product 2014 does not matter if from the
decorative cosmetics care products
hair care whatever spell it
not like in the comments the
I am really very interested
and yes otherwise given a
beautiful day to make it all right
love